Previously on
The Big Bang Theory...
I was offered a summer research fellowship
at Princeton.
Princeton, a fine institution.
The place where Albert Einstein taught
and where Leonard got his PhD,
so it may have gone downhill.
Just remember, I'm proud of you
and I support you in all that you do.
Thank you, that means a lot.
Oh, and one last thing, if you find
yourself working with a male scientist
who's as smart as me, as tall as me,
and has hair like Thor,
well, then, I want you to step away from
the situation and call me immediately.
How are you settling in?
Pretty well.
Princeton has a beautiful campus.
You know, I've learned some fun facts
about New Jersey,
to help you make small talk.
Would you like to know the state bird
or the murder rate?
They're both shocking.
Actually, I want to hear about you.
How are things at home?
Well, I'm a lot less likely to see
an Eastern Goldfinch or be murdered,
I'll tell you that.
I miss you.
I miss you, too.
It's so strange, earlier today,
I ended a sentence with a preposition,
and you weren't there
to correct my grammar.
I am sorry you had to go through that.
In fact,
that's when I started to really miss you.
You know you just split an infinitive.
Did I? Are you going to teach me a lesson?
I am!
It is naughty to put an adverb
between the word "to" and the verb stem.
What are you going to do about it?
I'm going to admonish you.
Vigorously?
That's the only kind of admonishing I do.
How's Sheldon doing with Amy gone?
Well, the last three nights,
I've had to take him to get a haircut,
to the train store
and to a Walgreens in Arcadia,
where they still have
the "good ibuprofen."
Now ask me how I'm doing with Amy gone.
- How are you doing with...
- Shut up.
If you'd like, we can help you out.
Oh, that would be great.
I mean, not me, I've got a wife and child,
but this one posts video of himself
flossing on Instagram.
It was a tutorial.
And yes,
I'm happy to keep Sheldon company.
Great, tonight he wants to look at ladders
at Home Depot.
Oh, why does he need a ladder?
He doesn't, he just likes looking at them,
bring a book.
Gentlemen, you may remember Dr. Nowitzki,
she's back at Caltech for her postdoc.
- Hello.
- Hi. Oh, let me bring a chair for you.
Oh, thanks. Dr. Nowitzki is going to
tell me about the work she did at CERN.
And she brought me
this duty-free Toblerone.
Oh, I love those!
Let's sit somewhere else.
What just happened?
A stranger just lured Sheldon away
with a candy bar.
Isn't she the grad student
that used to follow him around?
Oh, yeah, back before he hit puberty
and grew man parts.
So, what do you guys think that's about?
Knowing Sheldon, nothing.
So, tell me about
your scalar dark energy experiment.
Not till you tell me about
your latest paper on quantum loop theory.
Oh. You must be one of those
dessert-before-dinner people.
He just made her laugh, something's wrong.
Do you see the way she's looking at him?
Yeah. Like Bernadette used to look at me.
I keep telling you,
close the bathroom door.
Oh, did you see that?
She just touched his hand
and he didn't swat it away.
What is happening?
Okay, the simplest explanation
is usually the right one.
- Which is?
- That ain't Sheldon.
Not only did they eat together,
Leonard said he made her laugh!
That's nothing,
Howie said she touched his hand.
What? Did he Purell?
No.
I cannot believe Leonard
mentioned the Toblerone,
but left that part out.
Should we call Amy?
I don't know,
we shouldn't worry her if it's nothing.
I guess we could wait
till we have more information
- about this girl.
- Yeah.
Do you think living with Amy has somehow
stirred up Sheldon's sexual appetite?
Ugh!
How can you think that?
Why would you even
put those words together?
All right, then we agree,
he's not making any moves,
it's this Dr. Ramona chick.
Nowitzki. I googled her,
she's pretty cute.
Really? All I got from Leonard was,
"The Toblerone bar had nuts."
Oh! And get this, I saw an articulating
ladder with dual-leg leveling,
which delivers stability
and adaptability to uneven terrain.
Sounds like a big night.
Raj made the funniest joke, he said,
"Which is the best ladder to use
to hang myself?"
So you're keeping busy, you're not lonely?
Not at all. No, I've had outings with
Leonard and Raj in the evening,
and, oh, I had lunch with Dr. Nowitzki.
Who's he?
Oh, no, Dr. Nowitzki is a woman.
Oh, really? When did you meet her?
Many years ago,
back when she was a grad student.
She's always been a huge fan of my work,
and now she's doing research at Caltech.
"Huge fan" you say?
Yes. I think you'd like her.
She's extremely intelligent,
just like you.
Unlike you, she's tall, blonde
and used to be an Olympic swimmer.
That's terrific, I'll call you right back.
- Oh, hey, Amy.
- I gave you one job!
Keep an eye on him! How hard is that?
We thought you meant
not letting him run out into traffic.
Which he only did once.
Why didn't you tell me?
We didn't want you to worry.
Should I worry?
No, come on, it's Sheldon,
nothing is going to happen.
That's what you said to me
when I started dating him.
And then five years later,
bingo-bango, something happened!
Yeah, but you're going to be back
in three months.
You don't get it.
I've been smacking that ketchup bottle
for a long time.
All she's got to do is tip it over
and point it at her fries!
What do you want us to do?
I don't know!
Might be the New Jersey talking,
but this Nowitzki broad
needs to disappear.
That's ridiculous.
As far as we know, all that happened is
two scientists had lunch.
Yeah, but one of those scientists is
a tall, blonde Olympic swimmer!
Oh, come on, looks don't
matter to Sheldon.
Because he only has eyes for you.
- Nice try.
- Thanks, I was scrambling.
It's unbelievable.
Sheldon has lunch with another woman,
and somehow my wife yells at me.
Penny laid into me, too.
Apparently, I'm overly fixated
on premium Swiss chocolate bars.
Can you even eat those things?
Mmm, if I take a LACTAID a half-hour
before and some Pepto right after.
Sounds like a lot of work.
Ha, I'm worth it.
Guys, focus.
Should we do something about Nowitzki?
Like what?
Uh, well, she's single,
so if somebody else asks her out,
and she says yes,
then we know she's not into Sheldon.
I'll do it.
No offense, Stuart,
but the woman's a doctor.
So? Doctors like me.
Whenever I see mine, he calls in
a bunch of other doctors to have a look.
She's not that kind of doctor.
Oh. Well, her loss.
I have been called
"a genuine medical oddity."
Actually, I was going to suggest me.
Great, anybody's better than...
Excuse me, they took out my spleen
and gallbladder, not my feelings.
- Dr. Nowitzki, good to see you.
- Good to see you, too.
May I join you?
No.
Good to see you.
We should call Guinness,
that might be a record.
She's clearly having a working lunch
and preferred to eat alone.
Dr. Cooper, over here!
I could have made her very happy.
You kept walking, I think you did.
You really think
there's reason to worry?
Yeah, she's definitely
going after Sheldon.
I made a play for her,
and she shot me down.
All right, well,
that doesn't prove anything.
Yeah, there's a million reasons
a woman would shoot Raj down.
Like, really, a million?
Fine, hundreds.
Thank you.
The point is, this could be nothing
and we are all overreacting.
Hey, everybody, this is my friend,
Dr. Nowitzki.
Hi.
We just went swimming.
You actually got in a pool?
I was scared,
but I told myself,
"It's just a big bathtub."
Then I got scared again
'cause there are all these strangers
in my bathtub.
I was proud of him.
A lot of people don't put
their face in the water on the first day.
I was hiding from a bee,
but it still counts.
Can I just squeeze in here?
So, Sheldon, have you talked to Amy?
Yes, we skyped this morning,
and I'm sure I'll check in with her
before I go to sleep.
Sheldon talks about her all the time.
I can't wait to meet her.
No... That is true,
she keeps asking
how long Amy's going to be gone.
Uh, so, Ramona, tell us about yourself,
do you have a boyfriend?
Leonard! Your wife is sitting right here,
what are you doing?
No, my work doesn't leave me a lot of time
for relationships.
I think you made that very clear.
She was part of the American team at CERN.
I had a front-row seat
when they detected the Higgs boson.
Do you know,
I've corresponded with Peter Higgs.
Would you like to see some of his letters?
- Absolutely.
- I'll get them.
Well, hang on, I'll come with you.
Oh, fun, like a playdate.
Okay, correct me if I'm wrong,
but isn't that exactly what we were
supposed to stop from happening?
I threw my body at them!
What else did you want me to do?
You think you should call Amy?
You got fingers and a mouth, you call her.
Here you go.
Are these all from Peter Higgs?
Oh, no, no.
They're from many famous people.
See? Oh, like this one.
This is from Patrick Stewart.
It says if I come to his house again,
I get to meet his dogs.
Oh, excuse me.
- Hello, Sheldon.
- Oh, hello, Amy.
I was missing you again.
I miss you, too. Hey! This is good timing.
You remember that Dr. Nowitzki
I told you about?
She's right here!
She's what?
Hello.
Hi.
So nice to meet you.
Uh-huh.
Hang on. Hello?
Little late, Leonard!
Sorry.
What is Leonard doing
calling you at this hour?
It's not important.
I must tell you,
that seems a little inappropriate.
- Don't you agree?
- I do.
See?
We both think so.
All right, this is making me crazy.
Somebody's got to go over there.
You've got feet and legs, you do it.
Will you go with me?
To do what,
shake a can of nickels at them?
We're being ridiculous.
There's no way a woman that attractive
is trying to seduce Sheldon Cooper.
You done
trying to make yourself feel better?
No, I haven't played the race card yet.
Hey. I hate to break up the party,
but Amy says I'm tired
and have to go to bed.
It was nice seeing everybody.
Thank you for dinner.
- Sure.
- Pleasure.
Whatever.
- Walk me to my car?
- Of course.
We'll all go!
Excuse me.
Pardon, I just need to... Yeah.
That was fun, like Mario Kart.
Bye.
We need to talk.
Is this about Leonard and Amy?
I don't like it either.
Okay, I know you don't have
a lot of experience with women,
but Ramona
seems to have a romantic interest in you.
That doesn't make any sense,
she knows I have a girlfriend.
Well, sometimes women don't care.
Sometimes it makes them want a guy
even more.
Look, that may be true,
but Dr. Nowitzki's just a friend.
In fact, I wouldn't have even noticed
she's a woman
if she hadn't worn that bathing suit
that highlighted her bosom.
Okay, um,
let's try this,
think of yourself as one of those
limited edition toys
people like to collect.
I already do.
Well, then you get it.
Oh! Because there's only one of me,
I'm more valuable.
Right.
Although,
Amy's already taken me out of my package
and played with me.
Let's forget the toy thing, okay?
Uh, maybe...
Penny, look, I appreciate your concern,
but I don't think that's what's happening.
All right, what do you think is happening?
I think Dr. Nowitzki
is a friendly colleague.
I think you and Leonard
need to see a marriage counselor.
And I need to update my resume
to include swimming as a special skill.
Don't look at me like that, I tried!
Hey, did you eat yet?
Ah, breakfast, yes, lunch, no.
I did have a cough drop,
but that really rides the line
between sucking and eating.
Well, perfect. I made us sandwiches.
How thoughtful.
- Thank you.
- No big deal,
I enjoy spending time with you.
And I with you.
Question.
Are you seeking
a romantic relationship with me?
What if I were?
Well, that would raise
a number of problems.
We're colleagues, I'm currently in a...
Excuse me a moment.
Amy? Amy. Amy.
Will you marry me?
English-SDH